feat(serverless): package zip functions (#1497)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/functions/how-to/package-function-dependencies-in-zip.mdx

---
meta:

>   title: How to package your function and dependencies to zip file and upload it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: How to package your function and dependencies to a zip file and upload it
```

  description: This page explains how to package your code and upload it as a zip to Serverless Functions Console
content:

>   h1: How to package your function and dependencies to zip file and upload it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  h1: How to package your function and dependencies to a zip file and upload it
```

  - serverless
---

> This page explains how to upload your functions and it's dependencies as a ZIP file using the Scaleway Console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page explains how to upload your functions and its dependencies as a ZIP file using the Scaleway Console.
```

> This feature can help you to add your librairies or static files to your function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature can help you to add your libraries or static files to your function.
```

  - You know how to [create a Function](/serverless/functions/how-to/create-a-function/)
</Message>

There are [different methods to deploy functions](/serverless/functions/reference-content/deploy-function/) and some of them require
function to be packaged into a `zip` file.

## How to package a function into zip file

> To match Scaleway build pipelines requirements, functions zip file must contains the content of the root folder you want to publish.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To match the Scaleway build pipelines requirements, functions zip files must contain the content of the root folder you want to publish.
```

> ✅ Example of good archive:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
✅ Example of a good archive:
```

``` myFunc.zip contains:
- handler.js
```

> ❌ Example of bad archive:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
❌ Example of a bad archive:
```

``` myFunc.zip contains
└── myFunc (a folder)
    └── handler.js
```

To create an archive of folder content, you can use the `zip` command:

```sh
zip -r handler.zip handler/
```

> To check if your archive is well formed, ensure to have directly your function code when you `unzip` it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To check if your archive is well formed, ensure you have your function code as soon as you `unzip` it.
```
